Improve the plist resource docs (#2508)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/resources/kernel_module/_index.md

  ruby_type: String
  required: false
  default_value: "/etc/modules-load.d"
  description_list:
  - markdown: The directory to load modules from.
- property: modname
  ruby_type: String
  required: false
  default_value: The resource block's name
  description_list:
  - markdown: An optional property to set the kernel module name if it differs from
      the resource block's name.
- property: options
  ruby_type: Array
  required: false
  new_in: '15.4'
  description_list:
  - markdown: An optional property to set options for the kernel module.
- property: unload_dir
  ruby_type: String
  required: false
  default_value: "/etc/modprobe.d"
  description_list:
  - markdown: The modprobe.d directory.
examples: |
  Install and load a kernel module, and ensure it loads on reboot.

  ```ruby
  kernel_module 'loop'
  ```

  Install and load a kernel with a specific set of options, and ensure it loads on reboot. Consult kernel module
  documentation for specific options that are supported.

  ```ruby
  kernel_module 'loop' do
    options [
      'max_loop=4',
      'max_part=8'
    ]
  end
  ```

  Load a kernel module.

  ```ruby
  kernel_module 'loop' do
    action :load
  end
  ```

>   Unload a kernel module and remove module config, so it doesn’t load on reboot.

Reviewer: smart quote
```suggestion
  Unload a kernel module and remove module config, so it doesn't load on reboot.
```
